---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "gdrive_drives Data Source - terraform-provider-gdrive"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Returns a list of Shared Drives that match the given query.
---

# gdrive_drives (Data Source)

Returns a list of Shared Drives that match the given query.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Shared Drives that have "test" in their name and where the user is a member
data "gdrive_drives" "drives_test" {
  query = "name contains 'test'"
}

# All Shared Drives that have no members
data "gdrive_drives" "drives_no_members" {
  query                   = "memberCount = 0"
  use_domain_admin_access = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `query` (String) Query string for searching shared drives.

See the https://developers.google.com/drive/api/v3/search-shareddrives for supported syntax.

### Optional

- `use_domain_admin_access` (Boolean) Use domain admin access.

### Read-Only

- `drives` (Attributes Set) A set of Shared Drives that match the specified query. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--drives))
- `id` (String) The unique ID of this resource.
- `name` (String) The name of this shared drive.

<a id="nestedatt--drives"></a>
### Nested Schema for `drives`

Read-Only:

- `drive_id` (String) ID of the Shared Drive.
- `id` (String) The unique ID of this resource.
- `name` (String) The name of this shared drive.
- `restrictions` (Attributes) A set of restrictions that apply to this Shared Drive or items inside this Shared Drive. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--drives--restrictions))

<a id="nestedatt--drives--restrictions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `drives.restrictions`

Read-Only:

- `admin_managed_restrictions` (Boolean) Whether administrative privileges on this shared drive are required to modify restrictions.
- `copy_requires_writer_permission` (Boolean) Whether the options to copy, print, or download files inside this shared drive, should be disabled for readers and commenters.
When this restriction is set to true, it will override the similarly named field to true for any file inside this shared drive.
- `domain_users_only` (Boolean) Whether access to this shared drive and items inside this shared drive is restricted to users of the domain to which this shared drive belongs.
This restriction may be overridden by other sharing policies controlled outside of this shared drive.
- `drive_members_only` (Boolean) Whether access to items inside this shared drive is restricted to its members.
