---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "gdrive_files Data Source - terraform-provider-gdrive"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Returns a list of files that match the given query.
---

# gdrive_files (Data Source)

Returns a list of files that match the given query.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Search for all files having "test" in the file name in the user's Drive
data "gdrive_files" "files" {
  query = "name contains 'test'"
}

# Search for all files having "test" in the file name in all Drives including the user's
data "gdrive_files" "files" {
  query                         = "name contains 'test'"
  include_items_from_all_drives = true
  corpora                       = "allDrives"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `query` (String) A query for filtering the file results.

See the https://developers.google.com/drive/api/v3/search-files for the supported syntax.

### Optional

- `corpora` (String) Groupings of files to which the query applies.

Supported groupings are:
* 'user' (files created by, opened by, or shared directly with the user)
* 'drive' (files in the specified shared drive as indicated by the 'driveId')
* 'domain' (files shared to the user's domain)
* 'allDrives' (A combination of 'user' and 'drive' for all drives where the user is a member).

When able, use 'user' or 'drive', instead of 'allDrives', for efficiency.
- `drive_id` (String) ID of the shared drive.
- `include_items_from_all_drives` (Boolean) Whether both My Drive and shared drive items should be included in results.
- `spaces` (String) A comma-separated list of spaces to query within the corpus.

Supported values are 'drive', 'appDataFolder' and 'photos'.

### Read-Only

- `files` (Attributes Set) A set of files that match the specified query. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--files))
- `id` (String) The unique ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedatt--files"></a>
### Nested Schema for `files`

Read-Only:

- `drive_id` (String) The ID of the Shared Drive the file is located in. Only present if the file is located in a Shared Drive.
- `file_id` (String) The ID of the file.
- `id` (String) The unique ID of this resource.
- `mime_type` (String) The MIME type of the file.
- `name` (String) The name of the file.
- `parent` (String) The ID of the file's parent.
