---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "gdrive_permissions Data Source - terraform-provider-gdrive"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Returns the list of all permissions on a file or Shared Drive
---

# gdrive_permissions (Data Source)

Returns the list of all permissions on a file or Shared Drive

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Get all permissions set on a file
data "gdrive_permissions" "some_file_permissions" {
  file_id = "..."
}

# Set the exact same permissions on a different file
resource "gdrive_permissions_policy" "permissions_policy_target" {
  file_id = "..."
  permissions = [for p in data.gdrive_permissions.some_file_permissions.permissions : {
    role          = p.role
    type          = p.type
    email_address = p.email_address == "" ? null : p.email_address
    domain        = p.domain == "" ? null : p.domain
    }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `file_id` (String) ID of the file or Shared Drive.

### Optional

- `use_domain_admin_access` (Boolean) Use domain admin access.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The unique ID of this resource.
- `permissions` (Attributes Set) The list of permissions set on this file or Shared Drive. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--permissions))

<a id="nestedatt--permissions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `permissions`

Read-Only:

- `deleted` (Boolean) Whether the account associated with this permission has been deleted.

This field only pertains to user and group permissions.
- `display_name` (String) The "pretty" name of the value of the permission.

The following is a list of examples for each type of permission:
* user    - User's full name, as defined for their Google account, such as "Joe Smith."
* group   - Name of the Google Group, such as "The Company Administrators."
* domain  - String domain name, such as "thecompany.com."
* anyone  - No displayName is present.
- `domain` (String) The domain if the type of this permissions is 'domain'.
- `email_address` (String) The email address if the type of this permissions is 'user' or 'group'.
- `expiration_time` (String) The time at which this permission will expire (RFC 3339 date-time).
- `permission_id` (String) ID of the permission.
- `role` (String) The role that this trustee is granted.
- `type` (String) The type of the trustee. Can be 'user', 'domain', 'group' or 'anyone'.
