---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "gdrive_label Resource - terraform-provider-gdrive"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Creates a Drive Label.
  The label must be published before it can be assigned to files. This is controlled via the 'life_cycle'
  property.
  Publishing can only be done via the label resource, NOT the field resources.
  If a label is changed via an "external" resource (e.g., a field), those changes must be published
  via the label resource, before they are available for files.
  This means that, if you have labels and fields in the same Terraform configuration and you make changes
  to the fields you may have to apply twice in order to
  1. Apply the changes to the fields.
  2. Publish the changes via the label.
  A label must be deactivated before it can be deleted.
---

# gdrive_label (Resource)

Creates a Drive Label.

The label must be published before it can be assigned to files. This is controlled via the 'life_cycle'
property.

Publishing can only be done via the label resource, NOT the field resources.

If a label is changed via an "external" resource (e.g., a field), those changes must be published
via the label resource, before they are available for files.

This means that, if you have labels and fields in the same Terraform configuration and you make changes
to the fields you may have to apply twice in order to
1. Apply the changes to the fields.
2. Publish the changes via the label.

A label must be deactivated before it can be deleted.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Create a Label
resource "gdrive_label" "test" {
  label_type       = "ADMIN"
  use_admin_access = true
  properties {
    title       = "..."
    description = "..."
  }
}

# Publish the Label
resource "gdrive_label" "test" {
  label_type       = "ADMIN"
  use_admin_access = true
  properties {
    title       = "..."
    description = "..."
  }
  life_cycle {
    state = "PUBLISHED"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `label_type` (String) The type of this label.

The following values are accepted:
* "SHARED"  - Shared labels may be shared with users to apply to Drive items.
* "ADMIN"   - Admin-owned label. Only creatable and editable by admins. Supports some additional admin-only features.

### Optional

- `language_code` (String) The BCP-47 language code to use for evaluating localized field labels.

When not specified, values in the default configured language are used.
- `life_cycle` (Block, Optional) The lifecycle state of an object, such as label, field, or choice.

The lifecycle enforces the following transitions:
* UNPUBLISHED_DRAFT (starting state)
* UNPUBLISHED_DRAFT -> PUBLISHED
* UNPUBLISHED_DRAFT -> (Deleted)
* PUBLISHED -> DISABLED
* DISABLED -> PUBLISHED
* DISABLED -> (Deleted) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--life_cycle))
- `properties` (Block, Optional) Basic properties of the label. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--properties))
- `use_admin_access` (Boolean) Set to true in order to use the user's admin credentials.

The server verifies that the user is an admin for the label before allowing access.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The unique ID of this resource.
- `label_id` (String) The ID of the label.
- `name` (String) Resource name of the label.

<a id="nestedblock--life_cycle"></a>
### Nested Schema for `life_cycle`

Optional:

- `disabled_policy` (Block, Optional) The policy that governs how to show a disabled label, field, or selection choice. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--life_cycle--disabled_policy))
- `state` (String) The state of the object associated with this lifecycle.

<a id="nestedblock--life_cycle--disabled_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `life_cycle.disabled_policy`

Optional:

- `hide_in_search` (Boolean) Whether to hide this disabled object in the search menu for Drive items.

When false, the object is generally shown in the UI as disabled but it appears in the search results when searching for Drive items.
When true, the object is generally hidden in the UI when searching for Drive items.
- `show_in_apply` (Boolean) Whether to show this disabled object in the apply menu on Drive items.

When true, the object is generally shown in the UI as disabled and is unselectable.
When false, the object is generally hidden in the UI.



<a id="nestedblock--properties"></a>
### Nested Schema for `properties`

Required:

- `title` (String) Title of the label.

Optional:

- `description` (String) The description of the label.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# the use_admin_access attribute must be specified during the import.
# Example: true,abcdef
terraform import gdrive_label.label [use_admin_access],[label_id]
```
